Manage RequireGreaterTimestamp errors (#8458)
Scille/parsec-cloud: newsfragments/8270.bugfix.rst

> Make sure than when the server asks the client for a greater timestamp,
> the client offsets the received timestamp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure than when the server asks for a strictly greater timestamp,
the client offsets the timestamp sent by the server.
```
